Great! I love the way you implemented task plan 1. Actually, I need you to add one more section at this point. In essence, it is not a course per se, but on the main page it will appear at the same hierarchical level as all the courses do. You'll have to add it just like you did with adding the karaoke course, but it'll be a singing course specialized for kids. You'll have a short description of the course on the main page and a whole dedicated landing page for this section as well. Just as with all the courses that we have right now. The only difference is that the kids' landing page should be different in theme and colors. Right now the colors are dark and serious. The website look doesn't speak for the parents who look for a course for their kids. I need it to have the same vibe and style as the main website though the color scheme should be appropriate for a kids-related portal. Don't turn it into a kindergarten wall style though. It should still be contained and have a premium feel. In regard to the contents of this section - it'll be a specific course for kids. Kids courses are highly personalized depending on the student's age and preferences. It is usually good for beginners as the teacher finds an approach to the kid, finds ways to get them interested in learning. Finds out what is interesting for the kid and creates a personalized curriculum based on the personal pace of study and interests. The techniques and styles can be both what the grownups learn - pop vocals and rock and extreme vocals if the kids want to learn it. But strategy and the learning schema is adjusted for the student's anatomical and physical abilities and development. The teacher has a long experience working with kids and a good understanding of what techniques are safe for them to learn and practice and what approaches are the safest and the best in terms of efficiency. You'll have to redesign the relevant blocks on the main page and add one more page to the website as I already mentioned. Please generate an implementation plan for this task and present it to me for approval. After we finish building this functionality we will return to the main task plan list and will go ahead implementing them one by one.